---
title: "ReARM 26.02.89: RBAC, Most Vulnerable Components and SBOM Exclusions"
date: "2026-02-25"
---

We're excited to announce a major release of ReARM Pro (v26.02.89) and [ReARM CE (v26.02.51)](https://github.com/relizaio/rearm/releases/tag/26.02.51).

This release includes comprehensive RBAC (Role-Based Access Control), as well as new dashboard widget for most vulnerable components and logic to exclude entire SBOM documents from aggregation via coverage tags.

## Key Highlights

**RBAC**
ReARM now supports Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) for users and groups. This allows you to control access to different parts of the application and manage permissions for different users and groups. Specifically, permissions can be granted per user or per user group as organization-wide, perspective-wide (ReARM Pro only) or per product, or component.

Additionally, we introduced several permission functions: to view finding analysis, to edit finding analysis and to download artifacts.

**Most Vulnerable Components and Projects**
ReARM now adds new widget to the dashboard that shows most vulnerable components and projects. Those are established via aggregation of findings per latest known releases of all active branches of a component, or all active feature sets of a product.

**SBOM Exclusions**
ReARM previously provided support to exclude specific SBOM components from aggregation via using CycloneDX taxonomy for build, test and development level dependencies. Now, ReARM supports a new COVERAGE_TYPE tag that allows to set such properties on the entire SBOM, which would then allow to filter that entire SBOM from aggregation.

**TEI Publishing**
Starting this release, we are publishing TEIs for all ReARM CE releases.

TEI for this release: *urn:tei:purl:demo.rearmhq.com:pkg:github/relizaio/rearm@26.02.51*

**Other**
Additionally, this new release of ReARM includes a number of bug fixes and improvements, specifically tweaks for changelogs, additional PDF exports, supports perspectives on home page search calls in ReARM Pro and provides dependency updates.

## Upgrade Guidance

**For ReARM Pro Users**
- Reliza will automatically schedule the upgrade to the latest version according to your configured upgrade preferences.

**For ReARM CE Users**
- Please upgrade manually to the latest version.
- Refer to the upgrade instructions in the [ReARM installation documentation](https://docs.rearmhq.com/installation/#installation-via-helm-chart).

For more details about this release, see the [release entry on ReARM Public Demo](https://demo.rearmhq.com/release/show/fad9282a-9317-40dd-bfc4-54b620446911).
